TRY README	@(#)README	1.6	03/13/00

Disclaimer: The author and Rochester Institute of Technology make no repre-
sentations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is
provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind.

	Hello!  This directory now contains everything you need to compile
the try system.  These steps are necessary:

1)	De-archive all of the files (if you're reading this, you've probably
	done that already).

2)	There is a script called "make", which is used for multi-architecture
	or multi-target environments.  It determines which architecture
	it is running on, and then sets options and flags which depend on
	this.  It then invokes the real make with these options.  

	If you want to create targets for more than one architecture or
	environment, modify this file as appropriate.

3)	Edit the file "try.h" and change the definitions found at the
	beginning to whatever is appropriate for (each of) your
	environment(s).  Specifically, NEWPATH is the standard search path
	for your system.  Be sure that this does NOT include the current
	directory anywhere.

	Change the value for TRY_UID (if necessary) to a value not used
	as a user-id or group-id by any other user.

	Change the value for TRY_ACCT (if necessary) to a login name not
	used by any other user.

	There are some other defines that should or should not be set
	here; the file Test.c contains a description of them, and tests
	for proper operation when compiled with a particular set.

4)	Add an entry to your password file with the login name given by
	TRY_ACCT, and the uid and gid given by TRY_UID.

5)	Modify the file "signal_names.c" as needed to match the signal
	definitions found on your system.

6)	Say "make all" to compile and link all of the programs, and put
	them into one of your standard "bin" directories.  The set-uid
	requirements for these programs is as follows:

	Mode		Owner	Group	Program
	---s--s--x	root	try	try
	---x--x--x	root	try	try_deblank
	---x--x--x	root	try	try_log
	---s--s--x	root	try	try_run

	(Note: any group may be used, so long as none of the students
	that will be using the system belong to it.)

7)	You're all set!  Everything should now work as documented in the
	user's guide.  

	I am interested in hearing of any bug fixes or enhancements you
make to any of the programs, and am especially interested in hearing of
any security holes you find.

	Here is a table of contents of this directory, should there be
any confusion.

README		This file.
Makefile	A standard makefile.
make		A script that I use to keep compilations straight between
		two machines that share the same filesystem.
try.h		Declarations and definitions.
*.c		Source code
tmac.manual	Troff macros for formatting the user's guide (see note below).
try-s.1r	Manual page for "try", intended for students.
try.1r		Manual page for "try", intended for instructors.
try.me		The try user's guide.
try.ps		The try user's guide in PostScript.
try.pdf		The try user's guide in PDF (Adobe Acrobat).
try_deblank.1r	Manual page
try_log.1r	Manual page
try_run.1r	Manual page
CONTENTS	A ls -l listing of the directory.

The user's guide was formatted using "lwroff", a locally developed formatter
of the troff variety.  If you have a PostScript printer, you should be able
to print "try.ps" without difficulty.  Otherwise, use Adobe Acrobat to
view or print the "try.pdf" file.  If you must reformat the user's guide,
try the following command:

    tbl try.me | troff -t -rT2 -me tmac.manual (options) -

using whatever options and other stuff is appropriate for your laser printer.
Ordinary troff's will be unable to handle the Courier fonts along with the
three Times fonts.  You should also be aware that floating figures in two
column text are a tad beyond the capabilities of the -me macros; changes to
the formatting parameters or the text may cause the figures to screw up.
Should this happen, they should be moved in the source file to change their
positions.


	Try is now Y2K compliant.  Try itself does nothing with dates except
to record them in the log files.  I've added an option "yyyy" that changes
the format of the dates from yy/mm/dd to yyyy/mm/dd; this may simplify your
life if you do any date processing of the log files.

	Kenneth A. Reek
	School of Computer Science and Information Technology
	Rochester Institute of Technology
	One Lomb Memorial Drive
	Rochester, NY 14623

	kar@cs.rit.edu
